You guys ready for 6.1 million dollars?
I want something like this in America.
90,000 people are coming in right now to
see the Sidemen Charity Match. This is
history. Beyoncé, Ed Sheeran, Taylor
Swift all performed here. And to have a
bunch of YouTubers [music] sell out
Wembley. This is the world's largest
treadmill.
>> This is going to get 1 billion views.
>> LAST ONE RUNNING WINS.
Kai is like down. I can't believe they
just did that.
>> want to come ride on a bus with us? I'm
trying to shut London down.
>> How's it going, London?
Police escort, all these crowds are
they're literally shutting down the
streets of London because of this
Feastables tour bus.
Sidemen, I'm going to guess under white.
>> HERE WE GO. I THINK IT'S KIND of like
the Met Gala of the YouTube space. Do
you still think about [music] running
for president of the United States?
Yeah. You came up with the idea last
week. This is custom. Oh my god, Max.
Here we are. Come on. He's a much more
tense [music] now.
>> We got 90,000 people watching.
KSI is performing in front of his
biggest crowd [music] ever. But moments
like this they remind us of how far
we've come. Let's stop Speed from
scoring. They're chanting, "Let's stop
Speed from scoring." That makes me want
to score even more. I promise everybody
that's [music] watching this, we going
to win this game and we going to do IT
FOR Y'ALL. CLAP UP. IF HE SCORES, he
wins it.
Where are we at right now? We're
standing in the Grove, which is one of
the finest hotels in England. The
creators are going to walk through the
door with probably 2 billion followers
combined.
>> Bro, this is about to be 90,000 people.
Dude, we're hearing [music] from the
team that they think they could break
the record for like noise level, like
decibel level at Wembley.
It's possible, [music] though. What's
going on on the green screen?
I'll be doing a bit like like ESPN. I'll
do like crossing the arms and graph
[music] it.
Perfect.
Great seeing you, man. Dude, all the
prime stuff looks amazing around
Wembley. Yeah. Dude, I got [music] I got
to say thank you. The interview we did
like 2 years ago.
>> it, John. I'm so proud of you, bro.
Thanks, man. No, you do great work.
We're on the soccer field or the pitch
right inside the hotel where all the
creators are staying at.
That's Aura [music] there.
Yeah. Yeah, great to see you, bro. Yeah,
yeah. Stay ready, don't got to get
ready, brother.
I got the world's largest treadmill and
we're going to slowly crank it up. How
many creators do you think we'll be able
to get to run on that treadmill? Yeah,
okay. There we go. There we go.
How's it going, man? Welcome. Are you
streaming? Yeah, let's go peer pressure.
Who do you think is the fastest here?
Me. All right, let's let's get 10
people. You want to join? Yeah. Oh,
Logan's joining. Come on, bro. Wow.
Oh, he's doing plugs. Plugs.
We won't do anything. How many people do
we got, Jimmy?
20 have said yes. We'll see.
>> All right, it's right over here, boys.
Largest treadmill on Earth.
So realistically, it's like how can we
get the best content [music]
in the easiest way possible? We found
this giant treadmill. It's one of one.
It happened to be in London. So we
tested it earlier and Jimmy looked at me
and went,
"We're going fast." He was like, "I want
to crank that baby as fast as possible."
Who knows? This short right here could
get 100 million, 200 million.
>> No, this is going to get 1 billion
views. LAST ONE RUNNING WINS. ALL RIGHT,
let's do it. Crank it up. Crank this up.
All right.
CRANK UP THE SPEED.
HOW YOU GUYS FEELING?
A LITTLE FASTER.
>> [music]
>> OH, FAMILY, YOU KILLED ME. KAI IS LIKE
down and out. I don't know if he's doing
a bit. I can't believe they just did
that.
Am I I took a proper tumble.
All right, and the official winner of
the world's largest treadmill TOURNAMENT
IS SPEED. OH. I THOUGHT I ZONED HIM OUT.
WAS THAT SICK? SO FAR. I'm so happy I'm
okay.
>> [laughter]
>> The golden shot, baby. Subscribe to this
man. He gives you the best interviews in
the world. Do you want to come ride on a
bus with us?
I'm trying to shut London down.
We got permits.
How's it going, LONDON?
GUYS, LONDON. I GOT THIS GIANT BUS. I
don't know cuz aren't you guys going for
that? Wrapped in Feastables, I'm going
to be driving around London for the next
hour or two. Come hang out with us. I
also got Mark Rober and a bunch of other
creators.
You guys going to have warm hands. Now
it's Mr. Beast and his chocolate
Feastables.
Go out there and take your parents'
money, even against their will, and buy
as much of this We don't condone that.
Mark, keep going.
All right, we're heading to the London
Eye.
We're going to hang out with us.
Dude, did you guys watch Mark Rober?
Yeah, we got Mark Rober.
Mark.
Mark. Who is that away? You're the best
scientist. I'm shocked at how much
energy is coming from the British.
I thought the Brits were far too
sophisticated [music] to do that. Turns
out, we're not. Yeah, this is the only
the only time the people get police
escort is for THE PRIME MINISTER.
I LOVE YOU.
I love you, Mark Rober.
That's for Mr. Beast, isn't it?
>> [cheering]
>> They're literally shutting down the
streets of London.
Police escort, all these crowds are
coming. And literally everybody on this
bus is like filming some kind of
content.
>> [cheering]
[cheering]
>> But there's so many people here. Like
look at this crowd. It's insane.
Woo.
Yo, we're here game day. The big day
finally here. 90,000 people are coming
in right now to see the Sidemen Charity
Match. And if you see the crowd over
there, it'll hit you like how big 90,000
people is. This is history. Taylor
Swift, Ed Sheeran, all these huge acts
and now the Sidemen Charity Match.
>> [music]
>> Come on, Sidemen.
Let me see if I'm Where's the bathroom?
Where's the bathroom? What you need?
Where's the bathroom? All right, Speed
is already out and he's got to go to the
bathroom. That doesn't even surprise me
anymore, man.
>> [music]
>> Yes. [music]
Enjoy the game, mate. See you out there.
Max is hoping [music] to find Mark
Rober,
show him his contraption.
So
obviously last time I did the universe.
That's right. So I wanted to do
something better and you know, you're
the engineer. So I have had this made.
So on my back in the entire warm-up I've
been wearing this.
Which is
3D printed.
This is custom. Electric shredder. This
is custom.
And it goes in reverse as well.
>> [laughter]
>> You're going to Banksy this. Yeah, this
is this is this is my Banksy moment.
>> That is so sick. I mean That sounds like
a powerful motor.
Max, chose the strap. Like how how are
you having this thing on you? So there's
a there's a pocket in there.
You go in here, Velcro it. Velcro it. So
you could move around. That thing is not
falling out. I literally just went and
did the training session with sprinting,
everything. And you're good. With this
over the top and then just within 1
[music]
3. Wow.
>> [music]
>> I found a clip of you from the first
ever Sidemen Charity Match. I just want
to play it and get your reaction. Wow. I
don't feel like there's that much
expectation on me because I've never
played 11-a-side football ever in my I
it's upsetting. You know, we all started
this in our bedrooms with little
webcams. And also I think we secretly
like to prove people wrong. All those
years ago, they wouldn't even let us
sell the full stadium capacity cuz they
didn't believe that a bunch of guys who
make YouTube videos could sell even a
small stadium. So then to you know,
carry on our journey and sell out one of
the biggest stadiums. Dude, I feel your
career has like skyrocketed in a way,
yet I really admire how you've
maintained your part of the Sidemen. How
have you done that? I'd say 2017 is when
my career really started taking off. And
funny, I started the whole boxing thing.
Whenever I go away to do a tour, to do a
match or or a fight, they're so
understanding and
allow me to do my thing.
And it just works, man. We're all equal.
No one has a high percentage. I think
also it's just because we're friends.
We're like legit friends. Moments like
this just really remind us of
how far we've come. Do you feel like
your diss tracks with Logan when you
guys were fighting helped prepare you
for your music career? Uh
>> [laughter]
>> Uh
Well
Uh it definitely got the creative juices
flowing. Dude, I feel like we need a new
interview format like Hot Ones. Like get
a massage while you're on Yeah, yeah. As
big as the stadium is, bro, my heart
won't skip a beat. Can I show you one
other clip before you go out there?
Dude, I was looking at our interview
from 3 years [music] ago and you said
this.
>> to be president of the United States one
day.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, I really think so. Yeah, my
presidential dreams. Are you still
thinking about running for president of
the United States? Um yeah.
Yeah, but like man, I look at the
trajectory of my life and
I'm 29. I'm so blessed to say and
grateful to say I've done a lot. Bro,
15, 20 years from now, like I may flip a
switch and be like, you know what? Let's
make the United States the greatest
country on the planet forever. Listen,
listen, listen. We're serious. But it's
energy. That's the energy. What's going
to win this match is energy.
>> That's right.
They're they're listening to Eminem
right now.
Like like Speed and Kai are just
bringing the energy up. In a way you're
you're not really seeing it in the other
locker room.
Bro, we got a a picture of me and you?
Are you serious?
Bro, thank you, bro. Hey, yo, what's
this for? Are you guys shooting a
thumbnail? Yeah, cuz we we shot a video
we never got a thumbnail. Dude, there's
much more content happening on your
locker room than their locker room.
Yeah, because they're pricks.
>> [laughter]
>> They're they're here to try hard, win
the game, but at the end of the day,
we're going to be the winners. Yeah? I'm
having fun.
Guys, everybody listen up, listen up,
listen up. I want everybody to come in,
man. Things are much more tense [music]
now. Like they're getting ready for
kickoff. We got 90,000 people watching
us.
And we need to win. Our families is
watching. Our friends is watching. We
can't let nobody down. Biggest stage of
football we could ever play. Wembley,
90,000. And this is my first time as a
captain and I want to lead y'all boys to
victory. I want I want to have I want to
I want to see everybody in this field,
everybody in this locker room to have a
smile on their face after the game. Just
do what you want. Honestly, no one will
get mad at anyone for trying anything.
Just just have some fun and I like that.
And stop Speed from scoring.
>> [cheering]
>> Oh, here they come. Here they come.
>> [music]
>> Look at that. This is like a next-level
production.
But what are those balloons? FULL OF
BASKETBALL BANNERS. YEAH, THEY'RE FULL
of helium.
And they're fake.
Oh, now the crowd is getting loud.
Looking at all this, how much does it
cost to put on the Sidemen Charity
Match? Listen, it's in the millions now.
I obviously this is historic, but
can you put it into terms that maybe
like other people around the world, not
just in the UK, can understand? I think
it's become kind of like the Met Gala of
the YouTube space. It's like the biggest
creators in the world come and hang out.
It feels like we've become this moment
in time per year. Yeah. And and and like
the pitch is like the red carpet. The
pitch is the red carpet, except you're
allowed to walk on the red carpet, where
you have to stand on the side. But you
know, there you there's a sign that
usually hangs here that says uh players
enter, legends leave. And that's very
much what it feels like today, I think.
>> Yeah.
I'm feeling it today. How would you
describe like the behind-the-scenes?
Listen, I have this idea that shoe boxes
make money, fancy offices leak them.
When you have your profits up and you
can make money, then you can start
investing in cool stuff. We do create
cool stuff, but we're a scrappy bunch.
Logan is right there. He has a GoPro
strapped to his chest. I didn't realize
those GoPros are live-streamed. Yeah, I
know. You should see. We have two of
them flying around. The spider cam is
nuts.
And we're getting ready for kickoff
here. The Sidemen are going to get us
underway. Enjoy, GUYS. HERE WE GO!
>> [music]
[cheering]
>> KSI with his first ever penalty kick IS
A GOAL!
>> [screaming]
>> LOOK AT THIS CELEBRATION!
Logan just did a WWE move.
Can I be honest about something? So,
this video took nearly a year to edit
while we were also editing seven
episodes of a docu-series with MrBeast
for the making of Beast Games. And I
really wanted to get the perfect shots
for this, especially at the moment that
the creators arrived at Wembley. But we
were filming inside, so I didn't have
any shots of them coming off the bus.
So, I tried out this new tool called
Higgsfield, which is today's sponsor, to
create a shot that we could use for that
scene. Now, I know there's a lot of
thoughts about AI, but Higgsfield is on
a mission to be the most
creator-friendly platform by helping
complement how we tell stories. [music]
Especially in documentaries like this
one, where it's hard to get some of
those cinematic transitions while
staying true to the story. But with
Higgsfield's new Cinema Studio 2.0 tool,
I could ask for a shot of a bus coming
towards Wembley, and boom, I got all
these options. So, then ultimately
[music] it came down to these two shots
where our camera was following the bus
from behind, and this one where the
camera followed from the side, so we
went with that one. And all you have to
do to try it is to type in the text of
what kind of shot you want. You could
change the shot from wide to medium to
close-up or even change the color grade.
And Higgsfield is home to many other AI
tools you can set up all in one account,
get free credits, and try it out now.
So, go to the link below to check out
Higgsfield, and now back to the video.
All right, this is probably one [music]
of the more tense areas. It's the
live-stream production truck.
Oh my god, this is where the magic
happens.
Look at this. The amount of things you
have to coordinate in real time, the
players, the graphics, like it's just
unbelievable.
What have been the peak concurrence on
the live stream so far? Peak now, it's
over 2.3 million watching and still
going up. Oh my god. So, the average
[music] view duration on this live has
been people watching for 25 minutes.
We're getting like thousands of chat
messages a minute. How many camera
angles are we [music] managing here?
It's at least 30.
>> [music]
[screaming]
>> They're locked in.
There's [music] about 20 people in this
truck. They're coordinating so many
different camera angles, different audio
tracks to make sure that millions of
people can view on the live stream.
This kid is like singing the MrBeast
theme song.
There's a kid there singing your theme
song non-stop.
Speed is coming this close to scoring.
We're coming up on half time.
Let's go, Mark.
Wait, it's half time. They don't know
the surprise. KSI is performing.
This isn't just history for football.
It's going to be history for KSI and him
performing in front of his biggest crowd
ever. And Ed's got done in the tunnel.
Ed's his toilet. Do you want me to come?
Yeah.
JJ's about to get his in-ears for the
performance, so
Okay, so there's some
last-minute chaos here cuz they're
coordinating the halftime show with KSI.
The fact that they're planning a
halftime show with one of the players,
and they're coordinating across the
biggest YouTubers in the world, like
this is madness. This is madness.
We've got a link outside another BTC.
So, how
How long do we have? About 3 or 4
minutes, yeah.
No. No, yeah. [music] Till we're here.
Till we're here. And then so How do you
guys coordinate all these moving pieces?
It's not about today, man. It is 3, 4
months in the planning. Everything every
second's accounted for.
>> [cheering]
>> Are you ready?
>> [music]
[cheering]
>> That
hands down was the best part of the
entire event. That was
>> [cheering]
>> Does seeing a live event this big make
you want to do like a live Beast Games
or something? Uh it makes me want to do
basketball cuz like I I love the Sidemen
every match, their charity match, super
fun, but [music] I want something like
this in America, and specifically
basketball cuz that's what I actually
play. Like I don't play football.
>> Is it going to happen? Like I feel like
you're the guy to make it happen. We'll
see. We'll see.
Speed, do you know we were in the other
locker room, and you guys are chanting
let's win, they're chanting let's stop
Speed from scoring. Let's stop Speed
from scoring.
>> [cheering]
>> That's crazy.
It makes you want to score even more,
right?
Right now, let me just say one thing. I
feel like we need a motivational speech
from the captain. Now look, it's 4-4,
but we going to win. We got me and Jinja
up front. We about to make it happen.
And I promise y'all, and I promise
everybody that's watching this, we going
to win this game, we going to smash it,
and we and we do it for y'all. SO
EVERYBODY THAT'S WATCHING CLAP UP
CUZ WE'RE ABOUT TO GET RIGHT. YES.
LET'S GO.
WE'RE GOING TO GET HIM A GOAL. GOAL.
WE'RE GOING TO WIN THIS GAME.
AND THEN WE'RE GOING TO SUE ON ALL OF
THEM.
>> [applause]
>> THERE YOU GO. THE SIDEMEN HEADING INTO
THE SECOND HALF.
>> [cheering]
>> Would you rather meet KSI or Messi? KSI.
KSI. KSI.
You would rather meet KSI than Messi?
Yes.
How long have you guys been watching the
Sidemen? Like since birth. It's all to
play for. It's perfectly poised for a
bit of history.
And we are underway.
Oh, here we go. Max Fosh just got a
yellow card. He just got a yellow card.
Oh my god. Oh my god. This is the
moment. Wait for it. Wait for it. He's
shredding it. He's shredding it. He's
shredding the yellow card.
OH MY GOD, MAX.
DUDE, you did it. Look at Twitter.
Oh, brilliant. The visual worked great.
I'm so glad because I pulled it out and
I didn't hear that that that it wasn't
working. So obviously when I made the
challenge, the battery came out. So I I
turned it on and nothing happened. So I
tried to push it in and nothing
happened. So I then got annoyed and so I
slammed it against the floor and as it
hit the floor I heard it like worrying
again. I was like, "Oh my god, I need to
take this."
Straight. You know what, dude? You got
the shot, man. You coordinated with him
to shred the yellow card.
>> No, no. I I didn't know nothing about
it. You didn't know anything about No,
you knew. Big surprise, but I can't
believe he must have got it from eBay
cuz it didn't work.
>> [laughter]
>> He knew. He totally knew.
Speed came this close to scoring.
Fans like want it. Like I don't think
this crowd will go any crazier than if
Speed scores right now. Speed is about
to take a penalty kick.
This could be the moment. This could be
the moment. Here we go.
OH.
OH!
>> [cheering]
>> SPEED!
SPEED SCORED! HERE HE GOES!
GOAL!
>> [music]
>> THEY'RE LIFTING him up.
Speed!
Look at the crowd.
>> [music]
>> They are loving it.
Oh, look at the wave. Here comes the
wave.
>> [music]
>> Never before have we seen a penalty
shootout. And let me tell you something,
there's no way Sketch saves a PENALTY
FROM SIMON.
>> [screaming]
>> WHAT JUST HAPPENED? WHAT A SAVE! THE
ONLY THING he misses is of course his
ex. Chris! There you go.
Keeper's right, keeper's left.
Niko.
Oh, he's just done enough.
Come on, Jay Jay. Put it away.
That'll do.
KSI just scored a penalty kick. Like
people are going wild. I'm not sure if
that's the wise decision.
The finishing in that game from Speed
was tantamount to treason. But if he
scores,
he wins it.
TO WIN IT FOR YOUTUBE ALL-STARS.
Look at that backflip.
And it's a YouTube All-Stars win on the
biggest day in Sidemen history. I wonder
how they feel having raised this amount
of money for this cause and just played
in front of the fans that made them who
they are. And they raised $6.1 million
for charity? That's correct. So the
final score is 13-14.
>> Correct. YouTube All-Stars win. That's
an L I'll gladly take
>> [music]
>> for what we saw displayed here today.
But that's a W overall.
Let's go!
I don't think you could ask for a better
ending. Speed
game winner on penalty kicks. Like what
an ending to an epic epic epic weekend.
[music] Speed, how do you feel?
Amazing!
Look at him, dude. Look at the Look all
the press around Max as he explains his
shredder stunt. [music]
So the YouTube All-Stars are going up to
the main area where the king and queen
usually sit. They're [music] going to
hoist the trophy. They're going to come
back on the field. Like it it doesn't
get more legit than this. And I think
you got to give a lot of credit to the
Sidemen, their production team for
pushing the boundary, but still
respecting tradition and just doing it
big in a way that only they can.
Speed hoisting the trophy. Look at that.
Look at that.
And confetti flying.
Wow.
Oh!
Damn. You deserve it, man. Jimmy, way to
go, baby.
Way to go, bro.
That was insane. If you have any footage
of me playing in that game, delete it.
>> [laughter]
>> Apart from my penalty, keep that in, but
anything else, remove it.
The whole thing.
Bro, I like look at my life. I'm like,
"Wow, like I'm so great." But I'm still
humble, bro. Like you know what I'm
saying? You're trolling me, man. You're
trolling.
>> [laughter]
>> You're trolling me, man.
Every single detail, man. I'm getting
goosebumps. It is
>> [music]
>> unbelievable to see like what they
pulled off here. You know, Vic said it.
They were underestimated. I doubt
anybody's going to underestimate them
after this. But something tells me
they're going to keep raising the bar.
Bro, you are ripped, MAN. OH MY
GOD, DUDE.
EVERYONE'S FAVORITE ENGINEER IS RIPPED.
WHAT is going on?
What do you think about legacy?
>> Oh, bro. I mean, we're always just
increasing and improving the legacy
every day, bro. Speedy, bro. What up?
You got to run it back, bro.